[DOC]Add spout marker intro (#4377)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/master/concepts/pipeline-concepts/pipeline/spout.md

  }
}
```

> When a spout container crashes, all changes that were

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a spout container crashes, all incomplete operations that were
```

Author: added

processed before the crash are lost, and the spout needs
to start the interrupted data operation from scratch.
To keep the history of changes, so that the spout can
continue where it left off after the restart, you can
enable a `marker` for your spout.

When you specify the `marker` parameter in the
`transform` section of your pipeline, Pachyderm creates
the `marker` file or directory. The current spout marker
is stored in `pfs/out/marker`. The previous marker is stored

> in `pfs/marker`. If a spout container crashes and then starts

Reviewer: The _current_ marker is in `pfs/out/marker` and the previous one is in `pfs/marker`? Not the other way around?

Author: @adelelopez can you clarify this one?

Reviewer 2: That's right

> again, it can read the history from that file and resume at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
again, it can read the `marker` file to resume where it left off instead of starting over.
```

Author: addressed

> the point it was interrupted instead of starting over.

Reviewer: Is it is the user's responsibility to update the marker file with whatever info they would need (e.g. offset, etc) each time their spout code executes?

Author: @adelelopez ^^

Reviewer 2: Yes

> the point it was interrupted instead of starting over.

Reviewer: delete since added to above sentence in edits

  }
}
```

## Resuming Spout Progress

When a spout container crashes, all incomplete operations
that were processed before the crash are lost, and the spout needs
to start the interrupted data operation from scratch.
To keep the history of changes, so that the spout can
continue where it left off after the restart, you can
configure a record tracking `marker` file for your spout.

When you specify the `marker` parameter in the

> `transform` section of your pipeline, Pachyderm creates

Reviewer 2: maybe mention that it's a subfield of the Spout part of the Input in the pipeline spec, and not really part of the transform

> the `marker` file or directory. The current spout marker

Reviewer 2: the directory is named what you put in the marker field, so if you did `"marker": "offset"` in the spec, then the current marker will be in `pfs/out/offset` and the previous one will be in `pfs/offset`

is stored in `pfs/out/marker`. The previous marker is stored
in `pfs/marker`. If a spout container crashes and then starts
again, it can read the `marker` file and resume where it left
off instead of starting over.

Markers are useful if you want to leverage a record tracking
functionality of an external messaging system, such as

> Apache@ Kafka offset management or similar.

Reviewer 2: is the @ supposed to be a trademark symbol or something?

Author: yes, it should be ® =), my bad. Good catch!
